Add secretk to Developer Tools (#25)
SecretFoundation/awesome-secret: README.md

* [Secret Py](https://pypi.org/project/secret-sdk/) - Python library for interacting with the network
* [secret.js](https://github.com/scrtlabs/secret.js) - JavaScript library for interacting with the network
    ([examples](https://github.com/scrtlabs/SecretJS-Templates))

> * [secretk](https://github.com/eqoty-labs/secretk) - Kotlin Multipltform (JVM, Android, iOS, macOS, JS) library for interacting with the network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [secretk](https://github.com/eqoty-labs/secretk) - Kotlin Multi-platform (JVM, Android, iOS, macOS, JS) library for interacting with the network
```

Author: That's not normally how multiplatform is spelt:
https://kotlinlang.org/docs/multiplatform.html

But, up to you. Just lmk to confirm.

Reviewer: The dash isn't important to me, but you were missing an `a` between `pl` and `tform`

Reviewer: On another look, I'd also like it to be one line higher, before secretjs, after secretpy

Author: ooh. Wow I completely overlooked that. got it.
